doc improvement: LwM2M client sample document update (#12733)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/lwm2m_client/sample_description.rst

#. Set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_RD_CLIENT_SUPPORT_BOOTSTRAP` if bootstrap is used.
#. Set :ref:`CONFIG_APP_LWM2M_PSK <CONFIG_APP_LWM2M_PSK>` to the hexadecimal representation of the PSK used when registering the device with the server.

> See :ref:`lwm2m_configuration_files` section for overlays that set above options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`lwm2m_configuration_files` section for overlays that set the mentioned options.
```

CONFIG_SENSOR_MODULE_COLOR - Configuration for color
   This configuration option enables the reading of color values.

.. _lwm2m_configuration_files:

> Configuration files

Reviewer 2: According to the[ sample template](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/templates/sample_README.html#configuration-files), Configuration files should come after Additional configuration.

Author: We was gone trough with @SeppoTakalo and it make sense in that order.

Author: it is softer for reader until jump to long kconfig list

===================

The sample provides predefined configuration files for typical use cases.

* :file:`prj.conf` - Default configuration file.

LwM2M Device management server:

* :file:`overlay-leshan-bootstrap.conf` - Enables LwM2M bootstrap support with Leshan demo server.
* :file:`overlay-avsystem.conf` - Uses `Coiote Device Management`_ server.
* :file:`overlay-avsystem-bootstrap.conf` - Uses Coiote in bootstrap mode.

NB-IoT:

* :file:`overlay-nbiot.conf` - Enables the use of NB-IoT.

LwM2M v1.1:

* :file:`overlay-lwm2m-1.1.conf` - Enables LwM2M v1.1 protocol version.

Firmware update:

* :file:`overlay-adv-firmware.conf` - Enables experimental Advanced Firmware Update object.
* :file:`overlay-fota_helper.conf` - Enables faster response for evaluating FOTA.

> Location assintance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Location assistance:
```

* :file:`overlay-assist-agnss.conf` - Enables A-GNSS assistance.
* :file:`overlay-assist-cell.conf` - Enables cell-based location assistance.
* :file:`overlay-assist-pgps.conf` - Enables P-GPS assistance in the sample.

> Location service requirerequire `Coiote Device Management`_ server and LwM2M v1.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Location service requires `Coiote Device Management`_ server and LwM2M v1.1.
```

> DTLS optimications:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DTLS optimizations:
```

* :file:`overlay-dtls-cid.conf` - Enables DTLS Connection Identifier.

Power savings:

* :file:`overlay-aggressive-psm.con` - Enables optimized PSM setup and proprietary PSM mode.
* :file:`overlay-lowpower.conf` - Disables serial console to bring the power consumption down.

LwM2M v1.1 conformance testing:

* :file:`overlay-lwm2m-1.1-core-interop.conf` - Allows running of Core Specific Objects Test cases.
* :file:`overlay-lwm2m-1.1-object-interop.conf` - Allows running of Additional Objects Test cases.

Additional configuration
========================

> Default configuration

Reviewer 2: Add an intro sentence before the sub section.. Following are some additional configurations that could be used while using the sample.

Reviewer: No intro sentence yet.

---------------------

LwM2M configuration:

* Protocol version: 1.0
* Binding mode: Queue
* Device Management server: Leshan Demo server
* Security: Enabled with PSK and DTLS session caching
* Registration life time: 12 hours
* Coap ACK initial timeout: 4 seconds
* Enable LwM2M tickless mode power optimization
* LwM2M shell

Modem configurations:

* Network Mode: LTE-M with GNSS.
* PSM: Enabled TAU 60 minutes, RAT 30 seconds
* Paging window: LTE 1.28 seconds and NB-IoT 2.56 seconds
* eDRX: Enabled, with request of 10.24 seconds on LTE and 20.48 seconds on NB-Iot.
* TAU pre-warning enabled, notification triggers registration update and TAU will be sent with the update which decreases power consumption.

DTLS Connection Identifier
--------------------------

> Add :file:`overlay-dtls-cid.conf` for activate DTLS Connection Identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :file:`overlay-dtls-cid.conf` to activate DTLS Connection Identifier.
```

> Connection Identifier is recommend enable because it will reduce DTLS reconnection data traffic and also solve network NAT
> timeout problems from client to server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to enable the Connection Identifier, because it reduces DTLS reconnection data traffic and also solves the network NAT timeout problems from client to server side.
```

.. note::
   This requires modem firmware version 1.3.5 or newer.

Modem proprietary PSM
---------------------

> Add :file:`overlay-aggressive-psm.conf` to enable optimized PSM setup and proprietary PSM mode.
> Configure disables eDRX because it will request 10 seconds RAT and 12 hours TAU period.
> Proprietary PSM enables power saving when network not allows PSM. Modem enters PSM
> state after configured RAT period when connection is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the :file:`overlay-aggressive-psm.conf` overlay file to enable optimized PSM setup and proprietary PSM mode.
This configuration disables eDRX, because it will request 10 seconds RAT and 12 hours TAU period.
Proprietary PSM enables power saving when network does not allow PSM.
The modem enters the PSM state after the configured RAT period when the connection is released.
```

.. note::

>    Proprietary PSM is only supported with modem firmware v2.x. Enabling this file for older modem version
>    generates following error message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Proprietary PSM is only supported with modem firmware v2.x.
   Enabling this file for an older modem version generates the following error message:
```

   .. code-block:: console

      <err> lte_lc: Failed to configure proprietary PSM, err -14

Configuration for external FOTA
-------------------------------

> The sample supports UART2 connection on the nRF9160 SoC to onboard the nRF52840 SoC with or without MCUboot recovery mode.
> The nRF9160 SoC needs to enable UART2 on the devicetree using the following configuration files and recovery mode overlay files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample supports UART2 connection on the nRF9160 SiP to onboard an nRF52840 SiP with or without MCUboot recovery mode.
The nRF9160 SiP needs to enable UART2 on the devicetree using the following configuration files and recovery mode overlay files:
```

The sample provides predefined configuration files for typical use cases.

* :file:`prj.conf` - Default configuration file.

LwM2M Device management server:

* :file:`overlay-leshan-bootstrap.conf` - Enables LwM2M bootstrap support with Leshan demo server.
* :file:`overlay-avsystem.conf` - Uses `Coiote Device Management`_ server.
* :file:`overlay-avsystem-bootstrap.conf` - Uses Coiote in bootstrap mode.

NB-IoT:

* :file:`overlay-nbiot.conf` - Enables the use of NB-IoT.

LwM2M v1.1:

* :file:`overlay-lwm2m-1.1.conf` - Enables LwM2M v1.1 protocol version.

Firmware update:

* :file:`overlay-adv-firmware.conf` - Enables experimental Advanced Firmware Update object.
* :file:`overlay-fota_helper.conf` - Enables faster response for evaluating FOTA.

Location assistance:

* :file:`overlay-assist-agnss.conf` - Enables A-GNSS assistance.
* :file:`overlay-assist-cell.conf` - Enables cell-based location assistance.
* :file:`overlay-assist-pgps.conf` - Enables P-GPS assistance in the sample.

Location service requires `Coiote Device Management`_ server and LwM2M v1.1.

DTLS optimizations:

* :file:`overlay-dtls-cid.conf` - Enables DTLS Connection Identifier.

Power savings:

> * :file:`overlay-aggressive-psm.con` - Enables optimized PSM setup and proprietary PSM mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :file:`overlay-aggressive-psm.conf` - Enables optimized PSM setup and proprietary PSM mode.
```

Additional configuration
========================

Check the samples default configure and additional configurations.

Default configuration
---------------------

The sample use the following default configurations.

LwM2M configuration:

* Protocol version: 1.0
* Binding mode: Queue
* Device Management server: Leshan Demo server
* Security: Enabled with PSK and DTLS session caching
* Registration life time: 12 hours
* Coap ACK initial timeout: 4 seconds
* Enable LwM2M tickless mode power optimization
* LwM2M shell

Modem configurations:

* Network Mode: LTE-M with GNSS.
* PSM: Enabled TAU 60 minutes, RAT 30 seconds
* Paging window: LTE 1.28 seconds and NB-IoT 2.56 seconds

> * eDRX: Enabled, with request of 10.24 seconds on LTE and 20.48 seconds on NB-Iot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* eDRX: Enabled, with request of 10.24 seconds on LTE and 20.48 seconds on NB-IoT.
```

The sample provides predefined configuration files for typical use cases.

* :file:`prj.conf` - Default configuration file.

LwM2M Device management server:

* :file:`overlay-leshan-bootstrap.conf` - Enables LwM2M bootstrap support with Leshan demo server.
* :file:`overlay-avsystem.conf` - Uses `Coiote Device Management`_ server.
* :file:`overlay-avsystem-bootstrap.conf` - Uses Coiote in bootstrap mode.

NB-IoT:

* :file:`overlay-nbiot.conf` - Enables the use of NB-IoT.

LwM2M v1.1:

* :file:`overlay-lwm2m-1.1.conf` - Enables LwM2M v1.1 protocol version.

Firmware update:

* :file:`overlay-adv-firmware.conf` - Enables experimental Advanced Firmware Update object.
* :file:`overlay-fota_helper.conf` - Enables faster response for evaluating FOTA.

Location assistance:

* :file:`overlay-assist-agnss.conf` - Enables A-GNSS assistance.
* :file:`overlay-assist-cell.conf` - Enables cell-based location assistance.
* :file:`overlay-assist-pgps.conf` - Enables P-GPS assistance in the sample.

Location service requires `Coiote Device Management`_ server and LwM2M v1.1.

DTLS optimizations:

* :file:`overlay-dtls-cid.conf` - Enables DTLS Connection Identifier.

Power savings:

> * :file:`overlay-aggressive-psm.con` - Enables optimized PSM setup and proprietary PSM mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :file:`overlay-aggressive-psm.conf` - Enables optimized PSM setup and proprietary PSM mode.
```

            west build -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -- -DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-leshan-bootstrap.conf

In bootstrap mode, application does not overwrite the PSK key from the modem so :ref:`CONFIG_APP_LWM2M_PSK <CONFIG_APP_LWM2M_PSK>` is not used.
Please refer to :ref:`lwm2m_client_provisioning` for instructions how to provision bootstrap keys.

MCUmgr client for external FOTA
===============================

> Use one of the following build commands to evaluate external FOTA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use one of the following build commands to evaluate external FOTA:
```

      .. group-tab:: MCUmgr client with bootstrap

         To build for MCUmgr client with bootstrap, use the following command:

         .. code-block:: console

            west build  --pristine -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns --  -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-adv-firmware.conf;overlay-fota_helper.conf;overlay-avsystem-bootstrap.conf;overlay-lwm2m-1.1.conf;overlay-mcumgr_client.conf" -DEXTRA_DTC_OVERLAY_FILE="nrf9160dk_mcumgr_client_uart2.overlay"

      .. group-tab:: MCUmgr client without bootstrap

         To build for MCUmgr client without bootstrap, use the following command:

         .. code-block:: console

            west build  --pristine -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns --  -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-adv-firmware.conf;overlay-fota_helper.conf;overlay-avsystem.conf;overlay-lwm2m-1.1.conf;overlay-mcumgr_client.conf" -DEXTRA_DTC_OVERLAY_FILE="nrf9160dk_mcumgr_client_uart2.overlay"

> 
> See :ref:`lwm2m_client_fota_external_mcu` for description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`lwm2m_client_fota_external_mcu` for details.
```

You can update the firmware of the device if you are using Coiote Device Management server or Leshan server.
Application firmware updates and modem firmware (both full and delta) updates are supported.

> Client supports Push- and Pull-modes for image delivery. Recommend transport types are CoAP or HTTP for Pull mode.
> Coiote Device Management server supports also Multi-component FOTA object which allows updating multiple instances at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client supports Push and Pull modes for image delivery.
Recommend transport types are CoAP or HTTP for Pull mode.
Coiote Device Management server also supports Multi component FOTA object, which allows updating multiple instances at the same time.
```

> Use :file:`overlay-adv-firmware.conf` to enable experimental Advanced Firmware Update object.
> Advanced firmware requires `Coiote Device Management`_ server which supports it.
> Please refer to :ref:`lwm2m_client_fota` for instructions and  more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use :file:`overlay-adv-firmware.conf` overlay file to enable the experimental Advanced Firmware Update object.
Advanced firmware requires `Coiote Device Management`_ server that supports it.
Refer to :ref:`lwm2m_client_fota` for more details.
```

.. note::

>    You can use :file:`overlay-fota_helper.conf` to enable faster responses when using queue mode binding.
>    This configuration uses update period of 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can use the :file:`overlay-fota_helper.conf` configuration file to enable faster responses when using queue mode binding.
   This configuration uses an update period of 60 seconds.
```

To update the firmware, complete the following steps:

   .. tabs::

      .. group-tab:: Coiote Basic Firmware update

>          1. Identify the firmware image file to be uploaded to the device. See :ref:`lte_modem` and :ref:`nrf9160_fota` for more information.
>          #. Open `Coiote Device Management server`_ and click :guilabel:`Firmware update`.
>          #. Click :guilabel: `Update Firmware`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         1. Identify the firmware image file to be uploaded to the device.
            See :ref:`lte_modem` and :ref:`nrf9160_fota` for more information.
         #. Open `Coiote Device Management server`_ and click :guilabel:`Firmware update`.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Update Firmware`.
```

         #. Click :guilabel:`Basic Firmware update`.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Upload Firmware`.

>          #. Select or upload the binary under a :guilabel:`Upload New`or :guilabel:`from Resources` and click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         #. Select or upload the binary under **Upload New** or **from Resources** and click :guilabel:`Save`.
```

         #. Click :guilabel:`Next`.

>          #. Configure the the image delivery mode , transport type and timeout values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         #. Set the image delivery mode , transport type, and timeout values.
```

>             Coiote Device Management server recommend to use :guilabel:`Pull` delivery mode because it is fail safe operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Coiote Device Management server recommends to use the **Pull** delivery mode because it is fail safe operation.
```

>             Pull operation needs transport type select from the list CoAP or HTTP.
>             :guilabel:`Push` mode may fail to Download state where it need to System reboot for recover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Select the transport type (CoAP or HTTP) for the pull operation.
            The **Push** mode may fail in the download state and needs a system reboot to recover.
```

>          #. Click :guilabel:`Next` for continue.
>          #. Click :guilabel:`Shedule Update` after check update process summary is correct.
>          #. Firmware update starts at next registration update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         #. Click :guilabel:`Next` to continue.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Shedule Update` after checking that the update process summary is correct.
         #. The firmware update starts at next registration update.
```

      .. group-tab:: Coiote Multi-component Firmware update

>          1. Multi-component FOTA needs to use :file:`overlay-adv-firmware.conf`.
>          #. Identify the firmware image file to be uploaded to the device. See :ref:`lte_modem` and :ref:`nrf9160_fota` for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Use the :file:`overlay-adv-firmware.conf` overlay file for multi component FOTA.
         
         #. Identify the firmware image file to be uploaded to the device.
            See :ref:`lte_modem` and :ref:`nrf9160_fota` for more information.
```

Reviewer: For the remaining steps, do the similar changes as above.

         #. Set the image delivery mode , transport type, and timeout values.
            Coiote Device Management server recommends to use the **Pull** delivery mode because it is fail safe operation.
            Select the transport type (CoAP or HTTP) for the pull operation.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Next` to continue.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Shedule Update` after checking that the update process summary is correct.
         #. The firmware update starts at next registration update.

      .. group-tab:: Leshan Firmware update

         1. Identify the firmware image file to be uploaded to the device. See :ref:`lte_modem` and :ref:`nrf9160_fota` for more information.
         #. Open `Coiote Device Management server`_ and click :guilabel:`LwM2M firmware`.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Schedule new firmware upgrade`.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Upload file` in the bottom left corner and upload the firmware image file.
         #. Configure the necessary firmware update settings in the menu to the right.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Upgrade`.
         #. Observe in the terminal window that the image file is being downloaded.
            The download will take some time.

>             If you do not increase the server lifetime, the Coiote server might drop the connection to the device. The device reconnects later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If you do not increase the server lifetime, the Coiote server might drop the connection to the device.
            The device reconnects later.
```

Use :file:`overlay-adv-firmware.conf` overlay file to enable the experimental Advanced Firmware Update object.
Advanced firmware requires `Coiote Device Management`_ server that supports it.
Refer to :ref:`lwm2m_client_fota` for more details.

.. note::

   You can use the :file:`overlay-fota_helper.conf` configuration file to enable faster responses when using queue mode binding.
   This configuration uses an update period of 60 seconds.

To update the firmware, complete the following steps:

   .. tabs::

      .. group-tab:: Coiote Basic Firmware update

         1. Identify the firmware image file to be uploaded to the device.
            See :ref:`lte_modem` and :ref:`nrf9160_fota` for more information.
         #. Open `Coiote Device Management server`_ and click :guilabel:`Firmware update`.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Update Firmware`.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Basic Firmware update`.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Upload Firmware`.
         #. Select or upload the binary under **Upload New** or **from Resources** and click :guilabel:`Save`.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Next`.

>          #. Set the image delivery mode , transport type, and timeout values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         #. Set the image delivery mode, transport type, and timeout values.
```

            Coiote Device Management server recommends to use the **Pull** delivery mode because it is fail safe operation.
            Select the transport type (CoAP or HTTP) for the pull operation.
         #. Click :guilabel:`Next` to continue.

>          #. Click :guilabel:`Shedule Update` after checking that the update process summary is correct.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         #. Click :guilabel:`Schedule Update` after checking that the update process summary is correct.
```
